Update USAGE.md w/more clear relaunch instructions (#536)
seqeralabs/tower-cli: USAGE.md

Run `tw runs relaunch -h` to view all the required and optional fields for relaunching a run in a workspace.

In the example below, we relaunch a run with ID `3S3KzAasBa4Bt3` in workspace `my-workspace`:

> ```console

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```console
```

tw runs relaunch -i 3S3KzAasBa4Bt3 -w my-workspace

> 

Reviewer: I believe you need a trailing ` ``` ` and newline to cleanly close off the `console` code block.

Run `tw runs relaunch -h` to view all the required and optional fields for relaunching a run in a workspace.

> **TL;DR:** This is how you relaunch a run: `tw runs relaunch -i <RUN_ID> --workspace <WORKSPACE_NAME>`.

Reviewer: You can't use the expanded --workspace without an equals sign. Updating to reflect other examples.

```suggestion
In the example below, we relaunch a run with ID `3S3KzAasBa4Bt3` in workspace `my-workspace`:
```console
tw runs relaunch -i 3S3KzAasBa4Bt3 -w my-workspace
```
